 We'll call the Clearwater City Council meeting to order Monday November 14, 2022. November 1, 2020. We pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. Everyone is present for November 1. Is there approval of the agenda? Absolutely. Second November 1. Is there any comment? All in favor? Aye. Opposed? Abstentions? Motion carries. Wright County Sheriff's Report. We had 148 calls for service last month. 73 of those were cases. Nothing normal or anything like that stuck out. Just a reminder to citizens about not parking on the streets during snow. Thank you. Public Forum. Fire Chief here. I just wanted to kind of talk about something on Wednesday. I presented two firefighters with an accommodation award. I know it was on Facebook. I know some of the members here have commented on that. Thank you. Actually our deputy back here, Firefighter Newbert, was one of them, involved saving the life of one of our residents of this community. So it was Josh Newbert and then Jason Lang were the two. So I just want to kind of talk about that. Thank you. Anything else from Public Forum? Consent Agenda. Is there a motion to approve the consent agenda? Motion to approve. Is there a second? I'll second. Any discussion? All in favor? Aye. Opposed? Abstentions? Motion carries. All business ordinance 2020-08 Sportsman's Park annexation. Page 70 of your package covers this. This was talked about. So no surprises here. I could be wrong on my month there, but... The Park Commission was talking about it even before that. So basically it's just a cleanup. So the city acquired a bunch of property across the river that's now known as Sportsman's Park. At the time it was acquired, a bunch of it was annexed, and then we found, looking with Stearns County Records, that there was one parcel that was not. So this was a cleanup to annex that remaining parcel. It's shaded here. It's a weird, oddly shaped thing, but basically just a... Ancestor in the city, so we don't have to co-province from Stearns County in order to work it out on the park. Is there a motion to approve Ordinance 2020-08? Motion to approve Ordinance 2020-08. Is there a second? I'll second. Any discussion? All in favor? Aye. It was unanimous. Ordinance 2020-09, correction to 2022 fee schedule. I think there's one word, right? Go on page 79. It's one word, which is P-E-R-U is replaced with per account in the sanitary sewer charges. Yes, this is a new surcharge that was implemented by the sewer authority, and it was intended to be a per account, not a per year. Is there a motion to approve Ordinance 2020-09? Motion to accept the change for 2020-09 Ordinance. Is there a second? I'll second that. Any discussion? All in favor? Aye. Opposed? Abstentions? Motion carries. Approving file of pay voucher number five and change order number two, I-94 over the Watermane Loop. We have a note here from Bolton May. I don't know if there's any questions for Justin before we go through with it or anything you want to say about it. I don't have anything specific other than the project is complete and the change order is a deduct change order in the amount of $34,612. So the final cost came in slightly under for the contract construction portion. That's nice to hear. Yes. Can I get a motion to approve the file of pay voucher number five and change order number two? So there's a second. Second. Any discussion? All in favor? Aye. New business resolution 2022-75 to canvas election results and I've lost track. What page? 86. Thank you. All right. Resolution 2022-75 the election results came in and the numbers are on page 86 for you to look at. Is there a motion? Motion to approve resolution 2022-75. There was a second? Second. Any discussion? All in favor? Aye. Opposed? Abstentions? Motion carries. Congratulations members that are here. I think Travis, James and Sanchez are all here. Congratulations guys. All right. Resolution 2022-76 request variance for Versailles transport page 94. And this went to planning and zoning. And came back to us. It does. Proposed signage exceeds the size limits for the city code. Planning Commission recommended approval. Approval of the variance requires finding of practical difficulties. This is outlined in Minnesota statute section 416.37 which is included in the materials. Thank you. What page is that on? Sorry. The highlighted section is on page 98 and then the variance listing the options and the planning commission recommendation is on page 101. Thank you. This is outside of that because this property was just recently annexed. And so the city's zoning map is not been amended in through that. But this is basically a billboard that they want to correct. So it's a much, much larger sign. It beats our billboard or signage ordinance but it's in line with our billboard ordinance. It's just not in the billboard area. It's not in the billboard area and it's far, far larger than the regular sign ordinance. It's at least double the normal size that we get by our building. This is a comment that variance allows, will help us anticipate what the comprehensive plan will help us lay out a path for that. The variance will allow the construction of the business plan that is consistent with the use anticipated with the comprehensive plan. Correct. Those are the comments from the city planner review and the comprehensive plan that this was proposed for a future commercial industrial and the city's comprehensive plan. And so since it's along I-94 to allow larger billboard signs, he's saying is consistent with that. I mean that would be a finding the city council would have to make. This is just planning the planning commission's language. And then there's a, so there's options in here for the council to either accept or deny if you accept the planning commission's findings, that's what's listed here. If the council wants to have its own findings and wants to go a different direction, then we need to list up what those findings are. All right. Thank you. Anybody have any thoughts on this? Motion to approve resolution 2022-76. Variance? Any discussion? Will this go down the path then or is it specific to the property? Does it go all the way down then? Does it cover the in between signs? Somebody wanted to come back for a variance for that with signs too. So I'm saying with somebody between versatile and... Between like the public works garage where the old city limits ends and where versatile is, all of those businesses are all the city limits, they do not have to comply with our city code. If they come in now, is that the question? If they come in later, yes, then they would likely need to get variances if they make changes to their property. Good question. Any other questions? Further discussion? All in favor? Aye. Opposed? Abstentions? Motion carries. Resolution 2022-77, approving site planning conditional use permit for VidCo. This is a small building that they're looking to move, page 107 on your packet. And it says it's in... It needs the conditional use permit because of the location, correct? It's in a residential? Correct. It's right next to the laundromat, but the parcel that they're proposing is zoned residential. It is considered an essential service, but essential services in residential districts require a conditional use permit under our ordinance. And why do they have to come out of the lines? Because they don't have to, they want to expand and the space in line starts to be too small. They're kind of jamming where we want to put expand but drive too, right? Yeah. So, win-win? Win-win. Is that all goes through? Is there a motion to approve resolution 2022-77? Also moved. Is there a second? We'll give that to Mike today. Any further discussion? All in favor? Aye. Motion carries unanimously. So, we're going to move on to new business D, ash street apartments, pet breaks, nerds, re-e-e-e-s, and a better new business. Sorry, new business C, I'm sorry. It's D on this page and C on this page. That's okay. We're going to go with the agenda and say it's D. If I go to my cheat code, no. Okay. D, ABCD. It's a program that works. It likes to do its own outline no matter how you want it. It hits return once and it just changes it. Okay. So, we have resolution 2022-78 request for variance for parking. We're on page 114 in your packet. And the resolution is for a variance of parking and sorry, I'm going to look at my notes here for reading the packet. The city code is 2.5 stars per unit. And Mr. Briggs is asking for a variance to allow. It's an updated site plan shows 90 parking stalls, which is a little bit above 2 per unit. Because there's 42 units, correct? So, slightly over double but not at the two and a half stalls. This is the same standard as the one you just approved. It's they have to be practical difficulties. The Planning Commission did recommend approval of this variance and their findings are shown in here with their conditions. If the council is not in agreement with that, the council would need to insert their own findings online. They're not approved on variance. The concern I have is if you reduce the amount of parking stalls, where would guests park if they had guests? That's the question pops in my head. And member Lillian, who is planning and zoning and obviously the city council is not here tonight, has that question along with. I'm just wondering if the disabled spots is enough and I believe that is enough free spots of 90 are disabled and that makes code, I believe. So we're okay with that question, but you're worried about guests. Okay. Mr. Briggs is here tonight. You have an answer for the council on where would guests park because they're socially burning adjacent. Yeah.